We've been planning this looking forward to this for more than a year.
We've been making preparations for about eight months to attend.
This is the first time this kind of thing has happened here in Zimbabwe.
Everybody is talking about it. They're all very excited.
And then we're going to have delegates from all the parts of the world.
There's so many brothers and sisters waiting for us for a long, long time, okay?
That's my heart.
Once you physically see them and feel that hug, it's just overwhelming.
Seeing the smile, seeing the welcoming of the brothers,
at the gates and here at the stadium, it's really beyond comparison.
Here we have thousands of people from more than 50 countries coming together under the same faith,
under the same loyalty to their creator. This is very moving.
Good morning, brothers and sisters.
At all and every one of the presents.
What a joy it is to be gathered together for this international convention.
We're so happy to be here, isn't that true?
What would your life be like without the influence of God's Kingdom?
Don't you agree with me that we are seeing benefits now from God's Kingdom?
We know where we've come from. We know why we're here.
We know what the future holds.
God's Kingdom will rule the earth.
The question is, will it rule us?
God loves you. God cares for you.
And the spirit of God is stronger than any imperfection that you have.
That one, the great, shuts up the Kingdom of God.
However, with the powerful help of the angels, we can save ones out of that evil world empire.
People don't know, people rely on their pastors, rely on their priests,
rely on their hierarchy, and instead, they're lying to them.
We have fled from Babylon the Great.
We have been given the key of knowledge, accurate Bible knowledge,
and we are not afraid to use it.
And when you do face challenges,
grow through them.
Grow closer to Jehovah.
As you draw closer to Jehovah, you draw closer to each other.
Let your children see your absolute confidence in Jehovah.
Help them to be able to build their own relationship with our loving God, Jehovah.
Jesus, your family can be happy.
It's a very very special privilege for me.
It's a very spiritually enriching experience to all of us.
We really see the governing body is going for us, and it's amazing.
Go. Your faith has made you well.
Now let us shrink-wrap this talk into two words, take action.
So the question is, what are you willing to sacrifice in order to have God's favor?
Even if we have to limp across the finish line,
you too can enter into eternal Kingdom Blessings.
Day is a very very special day for me because today I'm getting baptized.
And excited because I know that I am now one of Jehovah's ones.
You, together with all the other brothers around the world,
are living, visible proof of the reality of the established Kingdom.
New book entitled, God Kingdom Rules.
In the world, they say, you're only young once.
But in the truth, we say, you're only old once.
You're going to be young forever, so you might as well relax and enjoy your old age.
It's temporary.
Load yourselves down to your brothers and sisters with the things the nations are eagerly pursuing.
Instead, keep seeking first God's Kingdom.
Jehovah's organization is amazing and it's all one by love and you just don't really want to go
high on the end of the day. So nice.
The program has strengthened me so much that, in my mind, we're almost at the finish line and
we cannot give up at the finish line.
It spurs us on, the program and the talks to make even more sacrifices to keep seeking first the
Kingdom. It came from different parts of the world. We speak different languages,
but we feel as a one big spiritual family.
Thanks to Jehovah and his teachings.
I don't have a family. This is my big family. I don't have a parent, sisters,
but this is my family now.
When I get home, I'm determined to go and to be with the friends and love them and
always show them my best to show as much hospitality as I can.
Sometimes we can feel a little bit out on the edge, a bit forgotten,
but coming to an international event slightly just reminds us of how much we're part of a brother,
but we're united. Somehow it's raining here and everyone's happy. I mean, how is that possible?
I really felt like the information that's been given from the slate has been directed to me
partially. Coming in Jehovah's house, coming where the friends are, words cannot express my joy.
This is truly Jehovah's family. The brothers with full of love, it's like I've met them before,
it's like I've always known them. It does make us feel like we are one united brother,
but that's been my whole experience. It really helps us to appreciate that we have such a big
brotherhood. It really made me proud to be a servant of Jehovah.
I can't stop thinking what the situation will be like in the new world when this will all be a
reality and an everyday thing. I'm not sure that there exists the words to describe my feelings,
it's just I'm speechless. This is just the taste of good things to come.